my girlfriend kindly broke the news to me that she doesn't want to take part in sexual activity anymore because it is getting too boring. 
I had some hot phone sex with my long-distance girlfriend. 
Half-way through, my mom stormed in, and told me I was disgusting and sick for doing it in the same room as my brother. 
I forgot about the baby monitor. 
I sent a kinky text message to my boyfriend. 
Within minutes I got a reply of 'whoever this is, fuck off and give my girlfriend's phone back. 
' Apparently I'm so bad at writing sexy messages that my boyfriend thought it was a prank from someone who'd stolen my phone. 
my elderly father-in-law grabbed my breasts in the pool at a family gathering. 
I'd let it go as an accident if this wasn't the 4th time it happened today. 
I grabbed my t-shirt off the floor beside the bed and got up to walk my boyfriends dog. 
After several trips around the block and plenty of strange looks I got back upstairs and saw the used condom stuck to my sleeve from the night before. 
my girlfriend kindly let me know that she didn't care that I am 'below average' in the penis department because it will leave her nice and tight for her next boyfriend. 
my husband got out of the shower, came downstairs naked screaming ''EMBRACE THE HARDNESS!!'' Little did he know, my step mother was sitting right there at the kitchen table. 
my girlfriend and I were getting intimate and planning on having sex for the first time. 
I picked her up off the couch, and in so doing, accidentally lifted her too high, putting her head through the ceiling. 
She had a mild concussion. 
I tried to spice things up in the bedroom by making love to my husband in a tight leather corset. 
I ended up passing out. 
I found out the hard way that I'm the "lucky" type of woman who can experience intense orgasms in certain positions: in the middle of group yoga. 
 my boyfriend told me he wanted to hunt Easter eggs before we have sex. 
I'm glad he has his priorities straight. 
my mother and girlfriend were joking around and talking about the embarrassing things I've done. 
After they'd had a lengthly conversation, my girlfriend mentions "And he always farts during sex.
my mom confused me with my dad. 
She got in the shower with me. 
while having sex with my girlfriend, she tells me that the flab on my stomach does not turn her on, and stops in the middle of it. 
Therefore, until my diet is over, guess who doesn't get any. 
I had to console my drunk dad over his girlfriend breaking up with him. 
When he said, "You know why we broke up don't you?" I replied, "Yeah, you were fighting a lot, right?" Wrong. 
I then had to explain to him that his erectile dysfunction wasn't something to be embarrassed about. 
I came home to find that all my porn magazines have been "censored" with a black sharpie. 
my boyfriend said to me, "You know how I know I love you? I don't want you to leave after we have sex. 
" He thinks that's a compliment. 
I painted a kids room at my new nanny job while the dad "helped" by staring at my ass and telling me how hard it is to position your "junk" correctly when wearing a speedo. 
First day on the job. 
 I tried to get my wife to have sex with me, she told me she couldn't because she had her period. 
She's two months pregnant. 
 I woke up at my boyfriend's house. 
I had a shower while he went downstairs. 
As I went to say goodbye to him, his mother muttered "slut" while pouring him orange juice. 
I was finally having sex with the man of my dreams, and then he fell asleep on top of me. 
my girlfriend compared my penis to an ewok from Star Wars. 
She says it's short, stubby, and fuzzy. 
Now she sings the Star Wars theme when we hang out. 
I gave my boyfriend a blowjob for the first time. 
This is the moment he chooses to exclaim, "Wow, you really do have a lot of dandruff!"  
I made a video for a school tour of my apartment in German. 
The walls in my apartment are thin, so you could hear my sister having phone sex in her room in the background. 
I accidentally pocket dialed my sister while I was masturbating. 
I found that the love of my life is 3. 
5 inches, fully erect. 
My cell phone is bigger than that. 
I got my wisdom teeth pulled. 
My usually detached and unromantic boyfriend rushed right over after work with flowers and movies. 
A little while later, he admitted excitedly that he'd heard the numbing medication also works on gag reflexes and wanted to test the theory. 
 I realized that my boyfriend does not stop by my apartment randomly to give me a kiss between classes. 
He is actually randomly stopping by between his classes to steal my condoms because he is too cheap to pay for them when he cheats on me. 
I wore a fake wedding ring on my left hand when buying a pregnancy test so the cashier at Walmart wouldn't think I'm a slut. 
my boyfriend actually remembered our anniversary. 
Not our anniversary of being together, which he forgot last month, but the anniversary of him getting his first blow job from me. 
I promised my boyfriend a blow job every time he does the dishes. 
Every dish in the house has been washed three times already. 
I went into the women's bathroom and was warmly greeted by a man masturbating on one of the sinks. 
I was looking in my grandparents' drawers and cupboards to find a blanket, but instead found a stash of sex toys, and a male G-string with a horse on the front. 
The best bit? When you press the horse's nose, it neighs. 
I was having some intense sex with my boyfriend. 
I was wailing so loud that my neighbors decided to call the police on us. 
According to them, it sounded like I was "being tortured to death". 
my girlfriend hid my car keys and decided that she wouldn't give them back until I succeeded in giving her an orgasm. 
a woman called my work and accused me of having an affair with her husband, my coworker, demanding that my boss discipline me. 
I don't know her, I barely know her husband, and I haven't had sex in months. 
my wife figured that a good foreplay move would be to rub MY underwear in MY face. 
I wore my cheerleading uniform to my boyfriend's house. 
He was a nerd in high school and mentioned a fantasy about hooking up with a cheerleader. 
I started acting sassy and a little mean, figuring he would enjoy a more realistic experience. 
Apparently not, because he started to cry. 
I was making love to my wife from behind. 
As we both reached climax at the same time, she threw her head back in ecstasy just as I buckled forward with pleasure. 
We slammed our heads together, effectively ending our orgasms. 
while discussing having sex for the first time with my boyfriend, I asked what method of birth control we should use. 
He replied, "Anal."  
while driving with my step mother, she attempted to have phone sex with my dad. 
my boyfriend pulled on my pubes and made 'engine starting' noises. 
This was his attempt at foreplay. 
I got back from vacation and walked in on my boyfriend and my brother in my bed. 
I discovered that my girlfriend can only orgasm when we have sex to gospel music. 
I was giving a strip tease over Skype to my boyfriend. 
My mom walked in mid-way through, took a long look at me, said hi to my boyfriend, and walked out. 
my wife decided that to help her stop smoking, she's also giving up the things that make her crave a cigarette. 
Sex is one of them. 
my sister thought it would be hilarious to tell our strict Catholic parents I was sleeping around and had gotten pregnant. 
They believed her, and dragged me down to the clinic for tests. 
I proved I wasn't pregnant. 
However, the doctor said it was more than likely that I have an STD. 
while on vacation, I realized my parents and grandparents had been running off and doing quite a few errands lately. 
After doing some sleuthing, I discovered they were taking turns having blood-curdling sex in our other hotel room down the hall. 
I woke up to what I thought was my 9 month old son breastfeeding. 
It was my boyfriend. 
According to him, he wanted to experience what his mother never gave him as a kid. 
I decided to go down on my girlfriend. 
